docs(consul): align module docs with secrets flow (#22)
hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul-enterprise-hvd: README.md

Additional documentation for customization and usage can be found in the [docs](./docs/) folder.

> The module retrieves `consul_agent.license_text_arn`, `consul_agent.ca_cert_arn`, `consul_agent.agent_cert_arn`, and `consul_agent.agent_key_arn` from AWS Secrets Manager when those values are Secrets Manager ARNs. If a value is not a Secrets Manager ARN, the module writes the provided value directly to disk, but Secrets Manager is the intended and recommended workflow.

Reviewer: The fallback description here is accurate for the license input, but not for the certificate inputs. `retrieve_cert_value` always pipes the value through `base64 -d` before writing to disk — even in the fallback path — so operators passing a literal value for `ca_cert_arn`, `agent_cert_arn`, or `agent_key_arn` must supply base64-encoded content, not raw PEM. `deployment-customizations.md` (also updated in this PR) already describes this correctly. Suggest aligning README with that:

```suggestion
The module retrieves `consul_agent.license_text_arn`, `consul_agent.ca_cert_arn`, `consul_agent.agent_cert_arn`, and `consul_agent.agent_key_arn` from AWS Secrets Manager when those values are Secrets Manager ARNs. If a cert value is not a Secrets Manager ARN, the module treats it as base64-encoded certificate content and decodes it before writing to disk. If `license_text_arn` is not a Secrets Manager ARN, the module writes the value directly to disk as the license text. Secrets Manager is the intended and recommended workflow for all inputs.
```
